•	Description of the Project

The arithmetic operations of the three number systems such as binary, octal, and hexadecimal are the project that the 4 students did. This project allows the user to perform addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division of the three number systems. Moreover, the arithmetic operations of the three number systems do not perform the conversion to achieve the result depending on the type of number system used. The process of computing the number system in the code was the same as how individuals solve and compute in the paper. This project gives ways to individuals to understand the logic behind the process of solving arithmetic operations of the three number systems without using shortcuts, defined methods, and conversion from one type of number system to another type of number system.

•	Purpose of the Project

The main purpose of this project is to allow the students to apply their knowledge in arithmetic operations in 3 number systems such as binary, octal, and hexadecimal by coding it in their preferred programming languages. Moreover, the purpose of it is to understand the logic behind performing different operations in different number systems. Through this, the students may understand how number systems perform a specific operation to deliver the result to the users. Aside from it, the purpose of this project is to perform the four arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division to the three number systems such as binary, octal, and hexadecimal and to provide a specific output depending on the type of number system used by the user. 
